Airbus Subsidies
South African Sanctions
Leveraged Buyouts  
Satellite Launch Contracts
Insider Trading
Prime (Lending) Rate Moves, Predictions
MCI
Rail Strikes
Weather Related Fatalities
Merit-Pay vs. Seniority
Israeli Role in Iran-Contra Affair
Military Coups D'etat
Machine Translation
Hostage-Taking
Information Retrieval Systems
Natural Language Processing
Politically Motivated Civil Disturbances
Health Hazards from Fine-Diameter Fibers
Attempts to Revive the SALT II Treaty
Surrogate Motherhood
Border Incursions
Demographic Shifts in the U.S.
Demographic Shifts across National Boundaries
Conflicting Policy 
Automation
U.S. Constitution - Original Intent
Poaching
Greenpeace
FRG Political Party Positions
1988 Presidential Candidates Platforms
Financial crunch for televangelists in the wake of the PTL
Genetic Engineering
Measures to Protect the Atmosphere
Alternative/renewable Energy Plant & Equipment Installation
Official Corruption
Bank Failures
Criminal Actions Against Officers of Failed
Crude Oil Price Trends
"Downstream" Investments by OPEC Member States
Data on Proven Reserves of Oil & Natural Gas
U.S. Army Acquisition of Advanced Weapons Systems
International Military Equipment Sales
What Backing Does the National Rifle Association
Computer-aided Crime
Computer-aided Crime Detection
Computer-Aided Medical Diagnosis
Fiber Optics Applications
Fiber Optics Equipment Manufacturers
Iran-Contra Affair
Controlling the Transfer of High Technology
Design of the "Star Wars" Anti-missile Defense System
Laser Research Applicable to the U.S.'s Strategic Defense 
Welfare Reform
Catastrophic Health Insurance
"Black Monday"
U.S. Control of Insider Trading
Japanese Regulation of Insider Trading
Japanese Protectionist Measures
Find Innovative Companies
Black Resistance Against the South African Government
Nuclear Proliferation
Funding Biotechnology
New Space Satellite Applications
Non-commercial Satellite Launches
Impact of the 1986 Immigration Law
Generic Drug Substitutions
Capacity of the U.S. Cellular Telephone Network
International Terrorists
Actions Against International Terrorists
Economic Impact of International Terrorism
Death from Cancer
RDT&E of New Cancer Fighting Drugs 
Research into & Control of Carcinogens
Alternatives to Traditional Cancer Therapies
Anti-smoking Actions by Government
Medical Ethics and Modern Technology
U.S.-U.S.S.R. Arms Control Agreements
Privatization of State Assets 
Soviet Spying on the U.S.
Jewish Emigration and U.S.-USSR Relations
McDonnell Douglas Contracts for Military Aircraft
"Stealth" Aircraft 
Hubble Space Telescope
The Human Genome Project
Possible Contributions of Gene Mapping to Medicine
Diversification by Pacific Telesis
Expansion in the U.S. Theme Park Industry
Iranian Support for Lebanese Hostage-takers
Iran's Islamic Revolution - Domestic and Foreign Social 
Political Impact of Islamic Fundamentalism
Japan's Handling of its Trade Surplus with the U.S.
Impact of Government Regulated Grain Farming on International 
Why Protect U.S. Farmers?
Management Problems at the United Nations
Influence of the "Pro-Israel Lobby"
Negotiating an End to the Nicaraguan Civil War
Productivity Trends in the U.S. Economy
Conflict in the Horn of Africa
Industrial Espionage
U.S. Political Campaign Financing